**Client**: One basic parameter for all requests in Trade Compliance Management APIs is a client identification and a technical communication user. A client clusters different users into a group that share the same data, organizational unit, and so on. Typically your company gets assigned to one client in Trade Compliance Management, when contracting with AEB. The Client has to be filled within the API as clientIdentCode within screeningParameters.  

**Compliance profile**: Most of the requests requires the identification if a Compliance profile. A Compliance profile is a set of settings, such as the restricted party lists to use for address screening or activated jurisdictions for export controls. Every client can have multiple profiles for different scenarios. The profile "DEFAULT" is typically available to most clients, especially in the API test environment. The Compliance profile has to be filled within the API as profileIdentCode within screeningParameters.

**Partersystem identification**: The unique ID of the host system (partner system) calling the API is stored in functional logs to identify the IT System (e.g. ERP).  The Partersystem identification has to be filled within the API as clientSystemId within screeningParameters.

**Organizational unit**: In IT systems (e.g., ERP), business units or divisions are typically represented as organizational units. These can be sales or purchasing organizations, for example. An address specific organizational unit can be transferred as part of the compliance check for specific business partners in order to achieve separation or accountability when processing the check results. The organizational unit has to be filled within the API as organisationUnitHost within screeningParameters.

**Restricted Party Lists**: Restricted party lists are lists of companies and persons, which need special attention when trading with them or making any contracts with them. Compliance Screening offers a lot of restricted party lists of different governments and other organizations as a data service. Additionally, your company can maintain its own restricted party lists for special use cases (e.g., cash residue of some customers). The Compliance Screening API requests do not allow to specify directly which restricted party lists should be used for screening. Instead, you will specify this in the configuration of a Compliance profile.

**Good Guy**: If the Compliance Screening check has returned a match, i.e., the checked business partner is similar to a restricted Party list entry according to the selected threshold value, then follow-up processing of a match is required. As a result of false positives (there is no identity between your checked business partner and the entry on the restricted party list), a good guy can be defined (with or without conditions). Good Guys are stored in Trade Compliance Management so that no new matches are reported during a follow-up check with the same business partner (identical name and address). With the parameter considerGoodGuys you can control whether good guys are used or not. If this Parameter is set to value false Good Guys will be ignored. If omitted or true, Good Guys will be considered. This parameter is optional and usually not needed as good guys should be reflected to avoid recurring efforts.



